Bathroom 10D Design!
--------------------
By Firelord Quality Products

Introduction
------------
Each one of us have spend much time in the bathroom! 
According to many scientific papers most of the creative thinking takes place during the time we spend in the bathroom!
According to these researches there are 3 stages of thinking inside the bathroom
-1) Practical thinking: We entered the specific room with ONE goal. How can we accomblish that without making a mess.
-2) After some seconds of facing one of the walls -OR the EXIT door of the bathroom the creative thinking takes place!
-3) LONG term memory recall : During exiting the room we recall what we were doing before the need TO enter the room.
 
Stage 2 -when we are happy- is the most creative one. Sitting AND fulfilling your goal in the bathroom make the brain work much better so thats when you find ways to become more productive at various aspects of your life!
The problem is when we are in stage 2 AND we are NOT happy with the internal design of the bathroom!
 
Thats when Bathroom 10D Design comes in place!!!
 
Description
-----------
This program takes the 3D design AND adds the 7 more missins 'D''s . 
The 7Ds are our imagination! There is NOT a single one design program that can compete with your imagination!
In 'Firelord Quality Applications" we are very proud because we use algorithms that no other company in the field dares to use. We have a unique approach to the bathroom design problem that the final result will be as close to your imagination as possible.
 
Manual
------
First you are asked for the dimensions of your room/bathroom.
then the program creates and downloads a unique list of available items that you can use to make your own bathroom.
You select the items you want and the program in the END will give you a list with what you can fit in your bathroom!
 
LEGAL ISSUES
------------
You should note that this is the free/demo version. You are NOT allowed TO use this program TO design more than one bathrooms without buying the appropriate licence. 
 
Licence cost:
------------
Designs  price
    1     free
    2       5$
    5      10$
   10      20$
  100      50$
unlim.   1000$
 
Full 10D Design Suite (that also includes that program) : 100$
 
Opinions/Scores
---------------
Design Magazine : 101% - "Best software award"
Bill Torvald : "Amazing"
Linux Gates : "Great"
Windows User : 99% " 99% Crap "
Sinclair User : 99.8% "Ohhh. New spectrum Product!!"
Commodore user : 1% "This doesn't run in my C64!"
