Good to know
------------
This game combines the action of "1942","Three Weeks In paradise","F-16 Combat Pilot","Fighter Bomber","Blind Flight Simulator"  and "Denis through the Drinking Glass" in a single game.
This is the first game that features all the latest weapons in the world!!! 


The story so far
----------------
Blind test pilot Captain Peter "Maverick Dangerous" Pan has purposely dodged an advancement in rank to continue flying after thirty-six years of service. One day, Maverick Dangerous is summoned to be put in charge of training a group of Top Gun graduates for a specialized mission under the orders of his fellow naval aviator friend and former rival, Admiral Tom "Kazan Dibi" Cruise, who is the commander of the U.S. Pacific Fleet. Among them is Lieutenant Brad "Candy Candy" Pit, the son of Maverick's always late best friend and missing in RIO Dick "Tiny" Small.

When Maverick Dangerous arrives, he is told by his commanding officers that the elite group of Top Gun pilots has been assembled for a special mission against a nameless hostile mountainous nation, called the "Mountainoobs" that has started to make facilities for cheap IPhone Clones, with the intent to sell them in the United States. The assembled team under Maverick Dangerous is charged with the duty of preemptively destroying the I-Phone clone facility in spite of its highly peculiar location deep inside a mountainous canyon protected by multiple SAM and FRED missile sites surrounding it. Maverick meets the team of elite pilots, who greet him coldly. One of them, Jake "Sport Billy" Thesnake, cynically keeps his distance from the other pilots, including Maverick Dangerous. There is high tension between Maverick Dangerous,Candy Candy and Sport Billy when they meet, which at times breaks out into vented hostility and an almost-thumb-fingerfight between Sport Billy and Candy Candy after the latter talks about Candy Candy's father and the circumstances that led to his divorse. When the training begins and the pilots see Maverick Dangerous's skills while flying blind during training dogfights, the other pilots begin to re-assess their skepticism about Maverick Dangrous and most of them grow to appreciate Maverick Dangerous's talent for air combat.

Intro
-----
In this game you take the role of Blind Test Pilot Peter "Mavarick Dangerous" Pan! You had become famous in the aviation world after your succesful take off* and your flying** of a plane while blind. You also had tried to become  a pilot to an unmanned plane by dressing as a woman but that didn't work! 
You now find yourself inside an F35 Assault plane and try to impress young cadets.



How to Play
-----------

You will need a computer and a monitor/tv switched on to play this game!
You will also need a keyboard.
The game can also be played using an emulator but you will loose the realistic retro effect that an actual retro computer offers!

Controls
--------
You play with the usual commands : E,W,S,N 
During flight you do the usual "Drop Bomb", "Fire Missile" etc
Manoveurs : If you are attacked you can avoid missiles with commands like "failing leaf","Reverse turn" etc.




* See the award winning Sinclair/Spectrum Blind Flight Simulator 
** See the award winning Sinclair/Spectrum Blind Flight Simulator 2 : Flying The Plane

